For IELTS
Worried about your immigration or study visa? Need sufficient bands! Don't worry anymore, I am here to help you 
Get your desired bands with in two months...
Our many students have already achieved their desired bands and well satisfied....
Be next one.....

SELF INTRODUCTION: Hi,  everyone, I'm your ESL  Teacher SYED TARIQUE AHMED! I'm here to help you develop your English speaking skills. Guaranteed, that I will be of great assistance. I'll make our class as lively as possible.
I have done my masters degree in TEFL ( teaching of English as a foreign language).
I have been teaching English successfully for 15 years.
During COVID-19 , I started teaching English online before I had been teaching in my own English language centre named Pak American communicate centre.
Learning English has never been so easy as it is now.
convenient and less expensive.
learn at your own pace
boost your self-confidence
Get access to several resources at the same time. ...



AI 
Hi there!

My name is [Your Name] and I am an English language instructor with over [Number] years of experience in the field. I have a passion for helping people from all walks of life improve their language skills and reach their full potential.

I specialize in [Specific areas of focus, e.g. business English, exam preparation, conversation practice]. My approach to teaching is [Description of your teaching style, e.g. interactive, personalized, goal-oriented]. I believe that learning a language should be enjoyable and tailored to the individual needs and goals of each student.

I hold a [Degree/Certification] in [Field] and have worked with students of all levels, from beginners to advanced speakers. In my spare time, I enjoy [Hobbies/Interests] and staying up-to-date with the latest research and developments in the field of language learning.

I am excited to work with you and help you achieve your language goals. Feel free to contact me to learn more about my services and schedule a lesson.

Best regards,
[Your Name]